README.md, before:

<h4 align="center">
  
  [![Medium Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/PaoloProdossimoLopes)](https://medium.com/@PaoloProdossimoLopes)
  [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/PaoloProdossimoLopes)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/PaoloProdossimoLopes/)
  [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/PaoloProdossimoLopes)](mailto:paolo.prodossimo.lopes@gmail.com)

</h4>

Dear **T**, I hope you're well!</br>
Actually I living in <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/3909/3909370.png" width="13"/> <b>São Paulo, Brazil</b> working as **iOS Engineer** [@Itaú]() and studing **Computer Cience** [@FEI](). You can find me on the social medias mentioned above.

## 🧰 I WORK USING

During my daily coding routine (for work or study), I use several languages and tools, see below:

- **Swift** and **Objective-C** to develop and maintain the product.
- **UIKit** and **SwiftUI** frameworks along with **Core Animation** to create visually appealing, responsive, and accessible user interfaces, thus improving the App Store application rating.
- **Native URLSession**, **Alamofire**, **Apollo**, and/or **TrustKit** to enable application communication with the backend.
- **Grand Central Dispatch (GCD)** to enhance application performance when handling data.
- **Core Data** to store massive amounts of data on devices quickly and reliably.
- **Keychain** to securely store sensitive data like credentials and avoid security weaknesses.
- **UserDefaults** to store basic preference data and improve user experience.
- **Architectural UI patterns** like **MVC**, **MVVM-C**, **Composable Architecture**, **VIP**, or **VIPER**.
- **Combine** or **RxSwift** to manage data transactions in the application, making it more flexible and reactive.
- **CocoaPods** and **SPM (Swift Package Manager)** to manage application dependencies.
- **SwiftLint** and **SwiftFormat** to adhere to development guidelines, easing the maintenance of the codebase and continuous integration (CI) process.
- **Fastlane** to automate the process of delivering the app to **TestFlight** and the **AppStore**, significantly saving time during new version deployments (CD).
- Other frameworks I have experience with include **Core Location**, **Core Bluetooth**, **HealthKit**, **AVFoundation**, and **StoreKit** for accessing native resources.

Commit message:

docs: adding the reference to the programou

README.md, after:

<h4 align="center">
  
  [![Medium Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-medium-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/PaoloProdossimoLopes)](https://medium.com/@PaoloProdossimoLopes)
  [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/PaoloProdossimoLopes)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/PaoloProdossimoLopes/)
  [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/PaoloProdossimoLopes)](mailto:paolo.prodossimo.lopes@gmail.com)

</h4>

Dear **T**, I hope you're well!</br>
Actually I living in <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/3909/3909370.png" width="13"/> <b>São Paulo, Brazil</b> working as **iOS Engineer** [@Itaú](https://www.itau.com.br/) and studing **Computer Cience** [@FEI](https://portal.fei.edu.br/). In my free time I work in my personal projects in the [**@Programou**](https://github.com/Programou-io) to create my own products. You can find me on the social medias mentioned above.

## 🧰 I WORK USING

During my daily coding routine (for work or study), I use several languages and tools, see below:

- **Swift** and **Objective-C** to develop and maintain the product.
- **UIKit** and **SwiftUI** frameworks along with **Core Animation** to create visually appealing, responsive, and accessible user interfaces, thus improving the App Store application rating.
- **Native URLSession**, **Alamofire**, **Apollo**, and/or **TrustKit** to enable application communication with the backend.
- **Grand Central Dispatch (GCD)** to enhance application performance when handling data.
- **Core Data** to store massive amounts of data on devices quickly and reliably.
- **Keychain** to securely store sensitive data like credentials and avoid security weaknesses.
- **UserDefaults** to store basic preference data and improve user experience.
- **Architectural UI patterns** like **MVC**, **MVVM-C**, **Composable Architecture**, **VIP**, or **VIPER**.
- **Combine** or **RxSwift** to manage data transactions in the application, making it more flexible and reactive.
- **CocoaPods** and **SPM (Swift Package Manager)** to manage application dependencies.
- **SwiftLint** and **SwiftFormat** to adhere to development guidelines, easing the maintenance of the codebase and continuous integration (CI) process.
- **Fastlane** to automate the process of delivering the app to **TestFlight** and the **AppStore**, significantly saving time during new version deployments (CD).
- Other frameworks I have experience with include **Core Location**, **Core Bluetooth**, **HealthKit**, **AVFoundation**, and **StoreKit** for accessing native resources.
